In the weird yet wonderful United States of Craziness Galaxy,
everyone shares Unlimit Energy, which can grant any wish provided you have enough!
The Super Freaks, the best superheroes in the galaxy, use Unlimit Energy
to play in a rock band, win fighting tournaments, and perform acts of heroism.

There's Scruffy, the fun loving stickman who always does crazy stunts,
King Quincy, a cool headed king of Normal World,
Gambi, the aggressive yet timid water ghost,
and Tikiman, the really smart tiki dude.

But what if Unlimit Energy disappeared?
That's what happened one fateful day in 2006 AD...

Kranion, a (not very good) friend of the Super Freaks,
would always invite himself over to their house
just to play their video games, but would lose every time.
One day he was fed up with this and decided to cheat at the games.

'You friggin' serious? How do you nerds always beat me at
Fast Cars Underground 2, that's my favorite game!
Since you're a bunch of cheaters, I'm gonna cheat too.
I'm gonna steal all the Unlimit Energy or whatever
so you never beat me again!'

The Super Freaks tried to stop him, as they often do,
but Kranion used his massive supply of Unlimit Energy
to infect them with the dreaded Amateurgraphicsitis...
an eye disease that makes you see life as
amateur pixel art!

Gambi said 'This is awful! I think I have a broken pixel in my tooth...'
Scruffy, of course, wasn't too set back by this.
'Aw, don't worry about it buddy. Maybe this will be an actual challenge for us!'
'Dude, don't get cocky!,' King Quincy warned,
'We can't cut any corners this time...
you know, since we're literally made of giant squares.'
Tikiman naturally came to the rescue with an idea.
'I believe we should appeal to Kranion's sensitive side.
Why don't we ask him nicely to return our Unlimit Energy?'
'What did you say? Let's go to his castle and beat him up? That's a great idea!'
Scruffy naturally wanted to slug it out with Kranion.
Since Kranion isn't the nice type, they went with Scruffy's idea.

And so began a poorly drawn adventure!